three thousand pairs of wandering
albatross nest on one of them here in
South Georgia
an adult wanderer may travel 5,000 miles
sometimes to Brazil and back in order to
collect squid for its young
this enormous chick weighs 10 kilos as
much as a full ground slum it's the
biggest of any seabird chick although
it's a couple of months before it has to
face its first flight it's now at its
maximum weight in fact it's heavier even
an avi than the adult the spring snows
are now beginning to melt
but the chick has already faced the
worst of the winter weather
hatched last March it's a sac here on
its nest Mound unprotected an unshielded
for eight months while the temperatures
may have fallen to minus 10 degrees and
terrible storms rage ravage it's so big
that it can't possibly grow to this very
huge size in the short summer season so
the parents have to come to feed it
every three or four days for ten months
and in order to do that they have to be
able to reach the open sea
you